Admin ui features - Mariann- ready to review.md (#72)
SenseNet/docs.sensenet.com: content/guides/create new content (upload, file, folder).md

title: "admin ui"
metaTitle: "sensenet admin-ui - create new content (upload, file, folder)"
metaDescription: "sensenet admin-ui - Create new content (upload, file, folder)"

> # Create new content on admin ui (upload file, folder)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> In sensenet it is possible to create a content from zero or to upload a file or folder. This article is to bring a short exmample how you can create a new content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In sensenet it is possible to create a content from zero or to upload a file or folder. This article shows how you can create a new content.
```

# Create new
Let's see how you can create for example a new folder. 

> Folders are nodes in sensenet's tree structure. They can contain files and/ or other folders. You can create easily a new one, but first you need to select where you would like to create it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Folders are nodes in sensenet tree structure. They can contain files and/or other folders. You can easily create a new one, but first you need to select where you would like to create it.
```

> Click on _Content_ in the menu structure on the left. You will see the basic built-in workspaces in sensenet, containing default content types, folders and files. For example Marketing workspace contains Document Library, Image library, Memos, Calendar etc., all of these contains different contents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click on _Content_ in the menu structure on the left. You will see the basic built-in workspaces in sensenet, containing default content types, folders and files.  Marketing workspace, for example, contains *Document Library*, *Image library*, *Memos*, *Calendar* etc., and all of these contains different contents.
```

> ![admin ui content](/content/guides/img/admin_ui_content.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![admin ui content](./img/admin_ui_content.png)
```

> To create the folder for example into the  Image Library in Marketing worspace, open this specific folder by clicking on it. Click on _Add_ on the top of the Menu on the left and in the opening bar you will see all the content types you can create in this folder. Among other content types (like Calendar, Memo ect.) you have the possibility to create _Folder_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a new folder in *Marketing workspace/Image library*, open this specific folder by clicking on it. Click _Add_ on the top left corner and select *Folder*. The list shows all the content types you can create in this folder.
```

> ![add new](/content/guides/img/add_new.gif)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![add new](./guides/img/add_new.gif)
```

> In the opening window you can give the folder name, you can define the lifespan (the content is valid, visible from date to date), and also you can define the indexing. This last one is useful while filtering and sorting the content: for example you create different contents at the same time and you would like to put them in custom order, so you give them an index value, this way you can filter and order them based on this indexing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the opening window you can give the folder a name, define the lifespan (the content is valid, visible from date to date), and also the indexing. This last one is useful for filtering and sorting the content: for example you create different contents at the same time and you would like to put them in custom order. You can do it by giving different index number to each content. You can then filter and order them based on this indexing.
```

> In the sensenet content repository it is possible to define restrictions on what content types the different containers can contain (allowed child type). For example a Calendar can only contain Events, a Document Library can only contain Folders and Files, etc. This allows you to create a much more precisely defined content structure and provides control on the long run. These settings can be overridden on the specific content, for example you can modify any of your document libraries to contain images too. To learn more go to _allowed child type_ [link]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the sensenet content repository it is possible to define restrictions on what content types the different containers can contain (allowed child type). For example a *Calendar* can only contain *Events*, a *Document Library* can only contain *Folders* and *Files*, etc. This allows you to create a much more precisely defined content structure and provides control on the long run. These settings can be overridden on the specific content, for example you can modify any of your document libraries to contain images too. To learn more go to [allowed child type article](content/guides/content-management/allowed-child-types)
```

Reviewer: itt a guide-ban található doksira akarsz linkelni vagy a concept docs-osra?

# Upload file

> It is possible to create a new content in sensenet also by uploading a file or a complete folder. You can do it in the same way, by clicking on Add in the menu in the left and select Upload. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to create a new content in sensenet also by uploading a file or a complete folder. You can do it in the same way, by clicking on *Add* in the left side menu and selecting *Upload*. 
```

> It is possible to upload images, pdf, word, excel or ppt files, also bulk upload feature is available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to upload images, pdf, word, excel or ppt files, and bulk upload feature is also available.
```

Reviewer: csak ezeket a file-okat lehet feltölteni?

> ![upload file](/content/guides/img/upload_file.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![upload file](./img/upload_file.png)
```
